{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green61\blue204;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\})}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00);}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13900\viewh16300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 What is Big Data and our what is our initial approach?
\b0 \ulnone \
\
A wealth of unstructured data lies at our fingertips, with only limited developed methodology at hand to investigate and exploit this data. Our mission is to draw insightful and well informed conclusions about a given area of interest - all the while efficiently utilising the abundance of unstructured data in conjunction with typically used market data - which are superior to those drawn without the inclusion of unstructured information. In brief, we aim to improve well established methods of modelling and prediction through the implemention cutting edge data analytics.\
\
The workflow can be summarised into four main sections, as follows:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1)	}We use established 
\i\b data mining
\b0  
\i0 techniques to acquire a large amount of unstructured data from sources such as Twitter, Google and business new RSS feeds. This data collection process shall focus on one specific financial subject at a time, for example S&P500 Index, BMW shares, interest rates, consumer debt etc.\
{\listtext	2)	}We 
\i\b clean, standardise 
\i0\b0 and
\i\b  organise
\i0\b0  the data. Examples are: removing useless words (and, it of, \'85), selecting only one language, storing data in a easily manipulated structure e.g. a Corpus within R. \cf2 [Hier evtl. ein sch\'f6nes Diagramm zur Darstellung des Modells nutzen, z.B. eine 'wordcloud']\cf0 \
{\listtext	3)	}We develop a system of intelligent 
\i\b algorithms that evaluate the data
\i0\b0  for its usefulness and the writer's sentiment, defining features demostrated by the data and subsequently devising a system to evaluate and rate the significance of individual data. These measurements must then be almagamted to produce a single factor bescribing the magnitude of influence \
{\listtext	4)	}We create 
\i\b a larger model
\i0\b0  incorporating our quantified output from the originally unstrucutred data with relevant notable (observable and measurable) market data e.g. index/stock movements, interest rates and implied volatility, observed movements and general behaviour in the related financial markets.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf2 [Hier w\'fcrde ich vlt. ein Beispiel einer Gleichung hinzuf\'fcgen (\'e4hnlich wie, was Du Niko an der Tafel hingeschrieben hast), um hevorzuheben, genau wo und wie die 'neuen' Big Data factors, sprich Tweets, in bspw. einer Regression mit einbezogen werden]\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b \ul Possible Shortfalls?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \ulnone {\listtext	1)	}It has proven to be a very difficult task to subjectively classify statements without human assistance. The validity of results will therefore require a high level of scrutiny and sanity checking before they can be implemented with confidence.\
{\listtext	2)	}Determining the direction of causaility may prive difficult. Is sentiment bad because of what has happened or did something bad happen as a result of the public sentiment? Can this be clarified with Granger causality tests alone?\
{\listtext	3)	}Use of sentiment analysis in conjunction with auto-regressive factors may complicate the interpretation of the significance of the many model factors.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b \ul Delving Deeper\

\b0 \ulnone \
\
\

\b \ul Literature:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 \ulnone   \'97> Sentiment Analysis and Subjectivity, Bing Liu, 2010\
A good introduction to 
\i Text Mining in R
\i0  \'97> http://www.jstatsoft.org/v25/i05\

\f1 \
\cf2 [Die besten der von Niko bereitgestellten Links k\'f6nnten hier auch beigef\'fcgt werden]}