{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18700\viewh16300\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Machine Learning - an Overview
\b0 \ulnone \
The strength of data mining- and therefore its effective usage - can be summarised into two parts when it is to be included into traditional models.\
Firstly, and rather simply put, there is a huge amount of data involved (hence the name Big Data), which as every person familiar with statistics knows, means more reliable results. Having 100 instances of some data will not produce as reliable results as 100,000 instances of the same data.\
Secondly, when incorporating, for example social media into traditional finance prediction models, an entirely new factor is being introduced, which may therefore add a trememdous amount of explanatory power to model, along with usual factors that appear.\
\

\i An example:
\i0 \
When analysts want to predict if a stock will perform positively (i.e. the pice will climb) or negatively (price will fall) in the next time period, factors that are included tend to b: past performance of that stock, performance of its competitors, performance of related markets and performance of the country/geographical region in which the stock in mostly active. There are also indices and tool that attempt to describe the feelings of people involved with that stock. These include a consumer confidence index [Based on how many people? How often can it be measured?], volatility indices [for large groups of stocks, based solely on stock movements and volumes of trades\'85?], surveys of analysts who deal directly with the stock [subjective opinions of perhaps 30 analysts].\
These are of course all valiud and relevant factors, but what we can add to that is the power of thousands, if not millions of opinions regarding the whole context of that stock, in all aspects, in real time. This is definitely a factor that has something to add to the current picture of forecasting models and therefore warrants further study and implementation.\
\
\

\b \ul Tool (and Tricks) of the Trade
\b0 \ulnone \
How to we define what it is that we want?\
Depends on end goal. We will consider packages that can extract, clean and analyse data, so 'all-in-one' solutions.\
\

\i \ul Matlab
\i0 \ulnone \
There are several recent extension to Matlab's capabilities. These are al integrated into a point-and-click interface.\
\
\

\i \ul Python
\i0 \ulnone \
\
\
\

\i \ul R
\i0 \ulnone \
\
Where does one usually get data from?\
Social Media (free & paid) \'97> Twitter, Facebook, Google Trends, News sites, RSS feeds, \'85\
\
\
\
\

\b How do we optimise data?\

\b0 How do we clean data? What is the useful part of the unstructured data?\
\
\
\
What are the most common statistical methods employed?\
To value and qunatify 
\b \
\
\
\ul How Do we analyse data?\

\b0 \ulnone \
Before we can incorporate our mined data into a proven statistical model, for example a time series regression model, it is necessary to quantifiy our textual data. This ccan be done in one of two ways. Either through classification or regression. The former is typically used for discrete data, while the latter is the best solution for data with a continuous spectrum of values.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \
\ul Knowledge sources:\ulnone \
http://www.kdnuggets.com/2015/05/top-10-data-mining-algorithms-explained.html
\i0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 https://cran.r-project.org/web/views/MachineLearning.html\

\i \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i0 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\i \cf0 \
\
\
}